welcome to real kids today we're talking
about Fandango VIP the newest way to get
better tickets and better perks so you
can feel like a VIP
we're in door I'm a VIP Jessica what is
a VIP oh I thought it stood for VIP VIP
which spells VIP so this is why I'm
confused Morgan what is the most
important thing to have when you want to
see a movie a movie ticket movie ticket
exactly that is exactly right so let's
say that you're driving to your movie
theater you're excited because you're
going to see a movie your parents are
excited because they would have Fandango
to get their movie tickets so everything
is awesome right wrong because out of
nowhere something comes out of the sewer
it's a giant hat swirl half square it's
blocking the road and because this
Giants Pro hats would think it's really
slow it's gonna delay you from seeing to
your movies your day is ruined right
wrong because your parents got Fandango
VIP which we save worryfree ticketing
which means that they can exchange or
return their tickets when they're
delayed from a giant ham squid has world
maybe the squirrels squid thing was
confusing let's start again so you're
driving to a movie theater right does
anybody know what personalization is
personalization are you a
personalization I'm a person I'm not a
personalization personalization is when
somebody is talking to and it feels like
the ring your brain and they know what
you're talking about
exactly it's personal to you so with the
new my Fandango feature your own movie
theaters our front row and center you
can even write some your own movie
reviews how amazing is that I just blew
up what if I told you that Fandango VIP
came with my Fandango personalization
insider purge theater rewards programs
and worryfree ticketing how much do you
think that would cost how much does it
cost like maybe seven thousand three is
Fandango VIP for friends yes for
politicians yeah for grandmothers yes
for zombies yeah for lizards yeah for
garbage man for baseball players yeah
for football players yes football
players in trouble for inanimate objects
yeah for computers threatening to take
over the world
oh I think it's for them too
that about sums it up Fandango VIP is so
simple even one of these kids to do it
can I do it
oh no no legally he hath Mia you have to
be an adult
you